OKTA-537325 OIN API service integration (#3708)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/build-api-integration/main/index.md

---
title: Build an API service integration
excerpt: Learn how to build and register an API service integration to the Okta Integration Network.
layout: Guides
---

<ApiLifecycle access="ea" />

This guide explains how to build and submit an API service integration to the Okta Integration Network (OIN) for review and publishing.

---

**Learning outcomes**

* Learn how to build an API service integration that can be published in the OIN.

**What you need**

* [Okta Developer Edition organization](https://developer.okta.com/signup)

>    > **Note:** Your org needs to have the API Service Integration feature enabled. Contact your Okta account team to enable the feature.

Reviewer: If it goes out with the Nov release, we should have self-service EA at that point. They can turn it on in the console rather than contacting us. I think the feature name is the same as what you have here.

* A service app that needs to access Okta APIs for your customer

---

## Overview

A service-to-service app where where a backend service or a daemon calls [Okta management APIs](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/) for a tenant (Okta org) can be published in the Okta Integration Network (OIN) as an API service integration.
API service integrations access Okta APIs using the OAuth 2.0 Client Credentials grant flow, where access is not associated with a user and resources can be restricted with scoped access tokens. Each access token enables the bearer to perform specific actions on specific Okta endpoints, with that ability controlled by which scopes the access token contains.

> **Note:** Currently, Okta only supports OAuth APIs listed in [Scopes and supported endpoints](/docs/guides/implement-oauth-for-okta/main/#scopes-and-supported-endpoints). We're working towards supporting scopes for all Okta API endpoints.

> If you have an API service integration for your app in the OIN, your customers can configure your integration to implement the OAuth 2.0 Client Credentials flow with their Okta tenant org. Each customer Okta org has its own authorization server. When a customer authorizes your API service integration to access their org, Okta generates a unique set of credentials (client ID and client secret) for that org.

Reviewer: I might be reading it incorrectly but 

> to implement the OAuth 2.0 Client Credentials flow with their Okta tenant org

makes it sound like the customer will implement? This detail (multi-tenancy concept) gets missed, so I think it's good to call it out, but do you think it's covered in your section below on Collect and save customer credentials"?

Author: Replace "implement" with "use". I think it's good to have this description in the overview. The Collect and save customer credentials section is part of "building the integration" part, so it's spelling out what to save.

You must collect and store these credentials for each customer to allow your integration to work with your customer's Okta org.

### API service integration Client Credentials grant flow

At a high-level, the OAuth 2.0 Client Credentials flow for an API service integration has the following steps:

> 1. Your customer's instance of your service app makes an authorization request to their Okta Authorization Server using their client credentials.

Reviewer: I guess technically they could link to our catalog or a page in admin where the customer click's authorize, but so far we're expecting the customer to start in Okta and do the authorizing there before the ISV does anything. So they technically don't need to do an authorize request like they do with auth code or PKCE. ISV gets the credentials and then jumps right to the token request.

Author: I am assuming that ISV requests for access token each time ONE Okta API request is required. Let me know if you want to say anything about the token usage or expiry time?

Reviewer: Right now, the token expires after an hour. So they can make API calls until then. I'm not sure how the Fed team feels about us talking about the hour expiry. They might be trying to reserve the right to change that in the future? So looking at the expiry time in the token response as you have it is the best practice.

They can also put it in a try/catch type syntax. If the token is expired, fetch a new one.

Reviewer: My comment here is just that the ISV doesn't need to make an authorization request. Customer authorizes in Okta and then they just make a token request.

Author: Updated this section to remove "authorization request" and use "access token request" instead. Thanks!

>    Your customer needs to register their instance of your app in their Okta org so that Okta can accept the authorization request. See [HOC&mdash;Set up an API service integration](https://www.figma.com/proto/1hqMxP4MrqXR07atucaGvM/OAuth-API-Integrations---Partner-Mocks?node-id=1550%3A9898&starting-point-node-id=1550%3A9668). After registration, the customer obtains their client credentials to [configure in your integration](#collect-and-save-customer-credentials). The customer's instance of your app can make an authorization request to Okta. See [Request for access token](#request-an-access-token).

Reviewer: Maybe something like

> Your customer needs to authorize your integration in their Okta org. See [HOC&mdash;Set up an API service integration](https://www.figma.com/proto/1hqMxP4MrqXR07atucaGvM/OAuth-API-Integrations---Partner-Mocks?node-id=1550%3A9898&starting-point-node-id=1550%3A9668). After authorization, the customer obtains their client credentials to [configure in your integration](#collect-and-save-customer-credentials). See [Request for access token](#request-an-access-token).

? Trying to call these integrations rather than apps. We use the verbs "install and authorize" in the product. Might drop "install" but I think authorize is standard OAuth language?

Author: Updated section. Please review.

> 2. If the credentials are accurate, Okta responds with an access token.

Reviewer: Should we explicitly say that this step is using the credentials to request a token? Specifying scopes as you state below?

Author: Updated section. Please review.

* Okta tenant (organization) domain (for example, `acme.okta.com`)
* client ID
* client secret

> **Note:** This guide refers to these domain and credentials as `${customerOktaDomain}`, `${client_id}`, and `${client_secret}` variables.

### Selecting scopes

You must specify the resources and actions that your API service app requires to do its job. Use the least-privilege principle and only specify the minimal scopes required. See the list of available Okta [Scopes and supported endpoints](/docs/guides/implement-oauth-for-okta/main/#scopes-and-supported-endpoints).

There are two types of scope: read and manage. Read scopes can only view resources, while manage scopes can read, create, update, and delete resources. You don't need to request a read scope when you request a manage scope because manage scopes already includes read access.

| Action    | Read scopes           | Manage scopes   |
| ----------- | -------------- | ------------- |
| Read | Yes | Yes |
| Create | No | Yes |
| Update | No | Yes |
| Delete | No | Yes |

##### Silent downscoping

> The Okta Org Authorization Server returns all scopes that you request if you registered those scopes along with your integration. Currently, API service integrations don't support optional scopes. You can request a subset of your-integration-supported scopes when requesting an access token from the `/token` endpoint. For example, if you registered the `okta.users.manage`, `okta.groups.manage`, and `okta.apps.manage` scopes for your integration, but your service only needs to retrieve and update Okta groups for a specific task, then your access token request only requires the `okta.groups.manage` scope.

Reviewer: Like the example! 

Maybe we could say something like 

> then you can request only the `okta.groups.manage` scope when you access the token endpoint

?

Author: Updated section. Please review

> It doesn't matter whether your org has permissions for all the scopes that you request. If the scopes requested is registered with your integration, those scopes are sent back in the access token. However, when your service uses the access token to make a request to perform an action that your org doesn't have permission to perform, the access token doesn't work and the resource server responds with an error.

Reviewer: Need to check on this. Working on it with @surajshetty-okta. We might be preventing the customer from authorizing in the first place if they don't have access to a scope (likely because they haven't bought some product). If that's the case, might be able to drop this and the paragraph below. Maybe rename this section.

* `${clientSecret}`: Your customer's client secret
* `${scopes}`: The resource scopes required for the access token

> **Note:** If you're using an OAuth 2.0 library, you typically need to you configure an OAuth client class with a `tokenUri` parameter, as well as the `clientId` and `clientSecret` parameters. Specify the `tokenUri` string as `https://${customerOktaDomain}/oauth2/v1/token`.

The following is the process for using a Basic authorization header for the `/token` request:

1. Base64 encode the string and set it in the authorization header:

   ```sh
   Authorization: Basic ${Base64(${client_id}:${client_secret})}
   ```

1. Make a request to the [/token](/docs/reference/api/oidc/#token) endpoint with these query parameters:
   * `grant_type` set to `client_credentials`
   * `scope` must be at least one of the Okta API scopes

   Request example:

   ```bash
   curl --request POST \
     --url https://${customerOktaDomain}/oauth2/v1/token \
     --header 'Accept: application/json' \
     --header 'Authorization: Basic MG9hY...' \
     --header 'Cache-control: no-cache' \
     --header 'Content-type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' \

>      --data 'grant_type=client_credentials&scope=okta.users.read okta.groups.read

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     --data 'grant_type=client_credentials&scope=okta.users.read okta.groups.read'
```

   ```

1. If the request is successful, the token is be returned in the body of the response.

   Successful response example:

   ```json
   {
      "token_type": "Bearer",
      "expires_in": 3600,
      "access_token": "eyJraWQiOiJ.....UfThlJ7w",
      "scope": "okta.users.read okta.groups.read"
   }
   ```

   Error response example:

   ```json
   {
      "error": "invalid_client",
      "error_description": "The client secret supplied for a confidential client is invalid."
   }
   ```

   See the [list of token endpoint errors](https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/oidc/#possible-errors-4).

### Make Okta API requests

When you have an access token, you can use it to make requests to the [Core Okta APIs](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/). Set the access token as a bearer token in an authorization header.

Example request:

```bash
curl -X GET "https://${customerOktaDomain}/api/v1/users"
    -H "Accept: application/json"
    -H "Content-Type: application/json"

>     -H "Authorization: Bearer ${accessToken}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    -H "Authorization: Bearer ${accessToken}"
```

and can probably omit the Content-Type header since there's no request body?

excerpt: Learn how to build, test, and register an API service integration to the Okta Integration Network.
layout: Guides
---

<ApiLifecycle access="ea" /><!--For both Classic and Identity Engine-->

This guide explains how to build, test, and submit an API service integration to the Okta Integration Network (OIN) for review and publishing.

---

**Learning outcomes**

* Learn how to build, test, and submit an API service integration that can be published in the OIN.

**What you need**

* [Okta Developer Edition organization](https://developer.okta.com/signup)
   > **Note:** The API Service Integration is a [Self-service Early Access (EA)](/docs/reference/releases-at-okta/#early-access-ea) feature. Enable this feature in your org to obtain the API service integration capability.
* A service app that needs to access Okta APIs for your customer

**Sample code**

* See [How to use Client Credentials flow with Spring Security](https://developer.okta.com/blog/2021/05/05/client-credentials-spring-security) blog for an example of a Client Credentials flow using the [Okta Spring Boot Starter](https://github.com/okta/okta-spring-boot) library.

---

## Overview

> A service-to-service app where where a backend service or a daemon calls [Okta management APIs](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/) for a tenant (Okta org) can be published in the Okta Integration Network (OIN) as an API service integration.

Reviewer 3: Typo in `where where`

Reviewer 3: Note: Please check if `daemon calls` is correct grammatically, as `backend service or a daemon` may have been intended to be a noun in the sentence.

Author: Thanks! I'll make the correction

You must [collect and store these credentials](#collect-and-save-customer-credentials) for each customer to allow your integration to work with your customer's Okta org.

### API service integration Client Credentials flow

At a high-level, the OAuth 2.0 Client Credentials flow for an API service integration has the following steps:

<div class="full">

![Flowchart that displays the back and forth between the resource owner, authorization server, and resource server for API service integration's Client Credentials flow](/img/oin/api-service-creds-flow.svg)

</div>

<!-- Source for image. Generated using http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/uml/
skinparam monochrome true
participant "Your app (customer tenant)" as client
participant "Authorization Server (customer tenant Okta org)" as okta
participant "Resource Server (customer tenant Okta APIs)" as app

autonumber "<b>#."
client -> okta: Access token request to /token
okta -> client: Access token response
client -> app: Request with access token
app -> client: Response
-->

1. Your customer's service app instance makes an access token request to their Okta Authorization Server using their client credentials.

>    Your customer needs to install and authorize your integration in their Okta org so that Okta can accept the access token request. See [Set up an API service integration](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=csh-api-service-integrations) for customer tenant Admin Console instructions. After your integration is installed, the customer obtains their client credentials and passes them to your team so that they can configure the customer's app instance. See [Collect and save customer credentials](#collect-and-save-customer-credentials). The customer's app instance can now make an access token request to Okta. See [Request for access token](#request-an-access-token).

Reviewer 4: nitpick, but could it be "passes them to your application" rather than team?

I had a partner request that customers email them their client secret in beta. Trying to discourage that / block that in the review process

2. If the credentials in the token request are accurate, Okta responds with an access token.

   The resource and action scopes allowed for the access token is configured by you when you [register your API service integration](#register-your-api-service-integration) through the OIN Manager. In addition, the token request must contain allowed scopes for your API service integration. See [Scope selection](#scope-selection).

3. Your customer's service app instance uses the access token to make authorized requests to their Okta org APIs (the resource server). See [Make Okta API requests](#make-okta-api-requests).

4. The customer's Okta org (resource server) validates the token before responding to the API request.

## Build your API service integration

> This section provides you with a guideline of the required components, artifacts, and requests to build your API service integration using basic cURL commands. You can use an OAuth 2.0 SDK in your preferred language to implement the OAuth 2.0 Client Credentials flow.

Reviewer 4: I found that the Okta Management SDKs don't support client secrets, but do you mean a generic, non-Okta OAuth library?

Author: Yes, I mean generic OAuth 2.0 SDK/Libraries (like the one in the blog example: https://docs.spring.io/spring-security/site/docs/5.4.5/reference/html5/#oauth2Client-client-registration). I'm up for suggestions to make this clearer. Maybe if I use "library" instead of "SDK"?

Reviewer 3: IMHO, library gives a clearer picture of an external utility rather than an OKTA SDK.

---
title: Build an API service integration
excerpt: Learn how to build, test, and register an API service integration to the Okta Integration Network.
layout: Guides
---

<ApiLifecycle access="ea" /><!--For both Classic and Identity Engine-->

This guide explains how to build, test, and submit an API service integration to the Okta Integration Network (OIN) for review and publishing.

---

**Learning outcomes**

> * Learn how to build, test, and submit an API service integration that can be published in the OIN.

Author: Idk... I tend not to want to lengthen this section. I find it kind of useless for some guides, especially when we already state the purpose of the guide in the line above. 🤷 I want to remove this?

**What you need**

* [Okta Developer Edition organization](https://developer.okta.com/signup)

>    > **Note:** The API Service Integration is a [Self-service Early Access (EA)](/docs/reference/releases-at-okta/#early-access-ea) feature. Enable this feature in your org to obtain the API service integration capability.

Author: sure, i'll send the user to this link: https://help.okta.com/en-us/Content/Topics/Security/manage-EA-and-beta-features.htm

* A service app that needs to access Okta APIs for your customer

**Sample code**

* See [How to use Client Credentials flow with Spring Security](https://developer.okta.com/blog/2021/05/05/client-credentials-spring-security) blog for an example of a Client Credentials flow using the [Okta Spring Boot Starter](https://github.com/okta/okta-spring-boot) library.

---

## Overview

> A service-to-service app where a backend service or a daemon calls [Okta management APIs](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/) for a tenant (Okta org) can be published in the Okta Integration Network (OIN) as an API service integration.

Author: keeping original

> **Note:** Currently, Okta only supports OAuth APIs listed in [Scopes and supported endpoints](/docs/guides/implement-oauth-for-okta/main/#scopes-and-supported-endpoints). We're working towards supporting scopes for all Okta API endpoints.

If you have an API service integration for your app in the OIN, your customers can configure your integration to use the OAuth 2.0 Client Credentials flow with their Okta tenant org. Each customer Okta org has its own authorization server. When a customer authorizes your API service integration to access their org, Okta generates a unique set of credentials (client ID and client secret) for that org.
You must [collect and store these credentials](#collect-and-save-customer-credentials) for each customer to allow your integration to work with your customer's Okta org.

### API service integration Client Credentials flow

At a high-level, the OAuth 2.0 Client Credentials flow for an API service integration has the following steps:

<div class="full">

> ![Flowchart that displays the back and forth between the resource owner, authorization server, and resource server for API service integration's Client Credentials flow](/img/oin/api-service-creds-flow.svg)

Author: of course 😉 ! just not enough time this week for Figma

> ![Flowchart that displays the back and forth between the resource owner, authorization server, and resource server for API service integration's Client Credentials flow](/img/oin/api-service-creds-flow.svg)

Reviewer 5: @vanngo-okta OK I'll mark this as resolved. It looks like Alex will need to tweaked the Figma components anyway to allow for two Okta columns in the same diagram.

participant "Authorization Server (customer tenant Okta org)" as okta
participant "Resource Server (customer tenant Okta APIs)" as app

autonumber "<b>#."
client -> okta: Access token request to /token
okta -> client: Access token response
client -> app: Request with access token
app -> client: Response
-->

1. Your customer's service app instance makes an access token request to their Okta Authorization Server using their client credentials.

   Your customer needs to install and authorize your integration in their Okta org so that Okta can accept the access token request. See [Set up an API service integration](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=csh-api-service-integrations) for customer tenant Admin Console instructions. After your integration is installed, the customer obtains their client credentials and passes them to your app. See [Collect and save customer credentials](#collect-and-save-customer-credentials). The customer's app instance can now make an access token request to Okta. See [Request for access token](#request-an-access-token).

2. If the credentials in the token request are accurate, Okta responds with an access token.

>    The resource and action scopes allowed for the access token is configured by you when you [register your API service integration](#register-your-api-service-integration) through the OIN Manager. In addition, the token request must contain allowed scopes for your API service integration. See [Scope selection](#scope-selection).

Author: keeping "allowed for the access token", and updating the other suggestions

* Okta tenant (organization) domain (for example, `acme.okta.com`)
* client ID
* client secret

> **Note:** This guide refers to these domain and credentials as `${customerOktaDomain}`, `${clientId}`, and `${clientSecret}` variables.

### Scope selection

You must specify the resources and actions that your API service app requires to do its job. A scope corresponds to a resource you want to access in the Okta API (users, logs, and so on) and a level of access (read or manage). Use the least-privilege principle and only specify the minimal scopes to authorize. See the list of available Okta [Scopes and supported endpoints](/docs/guides/implement-oauth-for-okta/main/#scopes-and-supported-endpoints).

There are two types of scope: read and manage. Read scopes can only view resources, while manage scopes can read, create, update, and delete resources. You don't need to request a read scope when you request a manage scope because manage scopes already includes read access.

| Action    | Read scopes           | Manage scopes   |
| ----------- | -------------- | ------------- |
| Read | Yes | Yes |
| Create | No | Yes |
| Update | No | Yes |
| Delete | No | Yes |

> The Okta Org Authorization Server returns all scopes that you request if you registered those scopes along with your integration. Currently, API service integrations don't support optional scopes. You can request a subset of your-integration-supported scopes when requesting an access token from the `/token` endpoint. For example, if you registered the `okta.users.manage`, `okta.groups.manage`, and `okta.apps.manage` scopes for your integration, but your service only needs to retrieve and update Okta groups for a specific task, then you can specify only the `okta.groups.manage` scope in your access token request.

Author: Keeping original "support optional scopes", but implementing other suggestions.

1. Click **Done** to dismiss the dialog.
1. On the integration details page, copy the Okta domain and client ID and securely store it for your integration test.

For testing purposes, use the Okta domain, client ID, and client secret obtained from your test integration to make an access token request, and subsequently an API request using the valid access token returned. See [Test your API service flow](#test-your-api-service-flow).

### Request an access token

Your service app integration needs to request an access token to securely access the Okta APIs. Use the following configuration variables to form the access token request:

* `${customerOktaDomain}`: Your customer tenant Okta org domain
* `${clientId}`: Your customer's integration client ID
* `${clientSecret}`: Your customer's integration client secret
* `${scopes}`: The resource scopes required for the access token

> **Note:** If you're using an OAuth 2.0 library, you typically need to you configure an OAuth client class with a `tokenUri` parameter, as well as the `clientId` and `clientSecret` parameters. Specify the `tokenUri` string as `https://${customerOktaDomain}/oauth2/v1/token`.

> The following is the process for using a Basic authorization header for the `/token` request:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to use a Basic authorization header in a `/token` request:
```

> 1. Base64 encode the string and set it in the authorization header:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
1. Base64-encode the string and set it in the Authorization header:
```

Author: yes

   ```sh
   Authorization: Basic ${Base64(${clientId}:${clientSecret})}
   ```

1. Make a request to the [/token](/docs/reference/api/oidc/#token) endpoint with these query parameters:
   * `grant_type` set to `client_credentials`

>    * `scope` must be at least one of the [Okta API scopes](/docs/guides/implement-oauth-for-okta/main/#scopes-and-supported-endpoints)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
   * `scope` set to a space-separated list of the [Okta API scopes](/docs/guides/implement-oauth-for-okta/main/#scopes-and-supported-endpoints) required by the app. This cannot be empty.
```

   Request example:

   ```bash
   curl --request POST \
     --url https://${customerOktaDomain}/oauth2/v1/token \
     --header 'Accept: application/json' \
     --header 'Authorization: Basic MG9hY...' \
     --header 'Cache-control: no-cache' \
     --header 'Content-type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' \
     --data 'grant_type=client_credentials&scope=okta.users.read okta.groups.read'
   ```

1. If the request is successful, the token is returned in the body of the response.

   Successful response example:

   ```json
   {
      "token_type": "Bearer",
      "expires_in": 3600,
      "access_token": "eyJraWQiOiJ.....UfThlJ7w",
      "scope": "okta.users.read okta.groups.read"
   }
   ```

   Error response example:

   ```json
   {
      "error": "invalid_client",
      "error_description": "The client secret supplied for a confidential client is invalid."
   }
   ```

   See the [list of token endpoint errors](/docs/reference/api/oidc/#possible-errors-4).

> > **Note:** By default, the access token expires in an hour. You need to request for a new access token after your token expires.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
> **Note:** By default, the access token expires in an hour. You need to request a new access token after your token expires.
```

### Make Okta API requests

> When you have an access token, you can use it to make requests to the [Okta management APIs](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/). Set the access token as a bearer token in an authorization header.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
When you have an access token, you can make requests to the [Okta management APIs](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/). Set the access token as a bearer token in an authorization header.
```

Author: keeping original. Technically, you can make a request without the access token.

Example request:

```bash
curl -X GET "https://${customerOktaDomain}/api/v1/users"
    -H "Accept: application/json"
    -H "Authorization: Bearer ${accessToken}"
```

### Test your API service flow

> Use the credentials from your test integration (Okta domain, client ID and secret) to test your service app. You can use the [interface that you build](#collect-and-save-customer-credentials) or enter the credentials manually to configure your service app. Trigger a process from your service app to access Okta endpoints and verify that the process works as intended.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Use the credentials from your test integration (Okta domain, client ID, and secret) to configure and test your service app. Trigger a process from your service app to access Okta endpoints and verify that the process works as intended.
```

Author: keeping original, since I think this extra info is important.

> After you completed testing and are satisfied with your API service integration, you can [submit it to Okta](#submit-for-review) for verification.

Author: keep "After" to align with style guide

### Edit your API service integration submission

To edit your API service integration submission fields:

1. From the [OIN Manager](https://oinmanager.okta.com/), click **Edit** next to your API service integration submission.
1. Edit the fields you want to modify.

> The fields are automatically saved in your submission.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The OIN Manager saves the values in the fields automatically.
```

> If the fields that you update affect the test integration instance in your Okta org (such as integration name or scopes), then you must click **Test in Okta** to create another test integration instance with the updated fields. The test integration instance is a static snapshot of your integration submission fields at the time it was created. It doesn't get updated when you modify your submission. If you want to remove older test integration instances that aren't used, see [Remove your test integration instance](#remove-your-test-integration-instance).

Author: keeping "that"

### Remove your test integration instance

> To remove the test API service integration in your Okta org, click **Revoke** from the integration details page in your Okta Admin Console. This action revokes the scope grants, client ID and secret from the test integration that you installed previously.

Reviewer 5: The section above implies you can create several test integrations, so "a" seems more appropriate than "the"
```suggestion
To remove a test API service integration in your Okta org, click **Revoke** from the integration details page in your Okta Admin Console. This action revokes the scope grants, client ID, and secret from the test integration installed previously.
```

> **Note:** For an example of how to implement the Client Credentials flow using Spring Boot, see [How to use Client Credentials flow with Spring Security](https://developer.okta.com/blog/2021/05/05/client-credentials-spring-security). This example uses the [Okta Spring Boot Starter](https://github.com/okta/okta-spring-boot) library. You can ignore the custom scopes and authorization server parts of the example since they don't apply to the API service integration use case.

### Save customer credentials

Okta generates a unique set of credentials (client ID and client secret) for your customer when they install your integration in their Okta org. See [Set up an API service integration](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=csh-api-service-integrations).

You must store these credentials for each customer to allow your integration to work with the customer's Okta org. To implement the Client Credentials flow in your integration, provide an interface to collect and store these API service integration credentials:

* Okta tenant (organization) domain (for example, `acme.okta.com`)
* client ID
* client secret

> > **Note:** This guide refers to these domain and credentials as `${customerOktaDomain}`, `${clientId}`, and `${clientSecret}` variables.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This guide refers to these values as `${customerOktaDomain}`, `${clientId}`, and `${clientSecret}` variables.
```
